Emma thinks about her future often.
- She thought about becoming a teacher
last year and has thought about it ever since.
She says she loves working with children.
She said this to her parents last week
and has said it many times before.
Emma finds joy in helping others.
She found a volunteer opportunity at a
local school and has found it very rewarding.
She gives her time generously.
She gave three hours last Saturday and
has given over 50 hours this year.
Emma tells stories to the children.
She told a funny one yesterday and has
told many inspiring tales.
She becomes more confident each day.
She became sure of her career choice last
month and has become an inspiration to others.
Emma begins each day with enthusiasm.
She began a new project last week and has
begun to see positive results.
She shows patience with the kids.
She showed great care during a difficult
situation and has shown remarkable skills.
Emma leaves work feeling fulfilled.
She left late yesterday but has left with
a smile every day.
She feels she's made the right choice.
She felt uncertain at first but has felt
more certain of her path with each
passing day.